= yaml =
title: "Chroma from Harmonix"
author: "Omar de Armas"
date: 2014-02-17
subtitle: "Harmonix announced their next IP titles Chroma."
layout: articles
featuredimg: chroma.png
number: /posts/2014-02-17-chroma.html
= yaml =

<a href="{{ page.url }}" class='postTitleLink'><p class='postTitle'>{{ page.title }}</p></a>
<p class='postPublished'>{{ page.date.toDateString }}</p>
<p class='postAuthor'>By: {{ page.author }}</p>
<hr>
<div class="vid_container">
  <iframe width="1280" height="720" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/3QZhsTRk-ic?rel=0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>  
</div>

Today Harmonix, makers of Rock Band and Dance Central, announced it's next IP named Chroma, a First Person Shooter where music is your weapon. Seems like the idea could be pretty wild.  
  
> Key game features:  
>>* Music-driven FPS gameplay - Music matters. Chroma features innovative first-person shooter mechanics that tie the game’s soundtrack directly to combat, traversal, and more.  
>>* Music is your weapon - Unleash streams of sound and music with your arsenal and bring the musical landscape to life in battle! From deep wobbling bass to the crunch of an electric guitar, crushing metal drums to poppy synths, choose a weapon load-out that reflects your musical tastes and personal style and take your sounds into battle.  
>>* Band together - Your team is your band: Join up with your friends and battle for glory.. Master multiple classes, each with their own unique musical gameplay mechanics and perks, and lead your team to victory.  
>>* Conquer shifting terrain - “Change Ups” at major musical moments dramatically alter the landscape of the battlefield in real time both physically and strategically, raising sniper towers, adding cover, and more in sync with the music.  
>>* Free-to-play, but not “pay-to-win” - Free to jump in and play with deep customization, but smartly designed to preserve a fun and fair experience for all players.  

Free to Play? Hope they do it right.  
  
They say it is coming out for PC on Steam in 2014, and you can sign up now for the limited closed beta now at [PlayChroma.com](playchroma.com)  
  
**Source: [ChromaGame.com](chromagame.com)**